Elon Musk founded SpaceX in 2002. SpaceX is headquartered in California.
Sundar Pichai is the CEO of Google. Google was founded in 1998 and is based in California.
Microsoft was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen. The company is headquartered in Redmond.
Amazon was founded by Jeff Bezos in 1994. Amazon is headquartered in Seattle.
OpenAI is an artificial intelligence research organization. It was founded in 2015 and is based in San Francisco.
Tesla was founded by Elon Musk. Tesla is headquartered in Texas.
Meta was founded by Mark Zuckerberg. The company was previously known as Facebook.
Infosys was founded by N. R. Narayana Murthy. It is headquartered in Bengaluru.
TCS is an Indian multinational IT company. It is part of the Tata Group.
IBM was founded in 1911. The company is headquartered in Armonk, New York.
Apple was founded by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne. Apple is based in Cupertino.
Netflix was founded by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph. It is headquartered in Los Gatos.
Oracle was founded by Larry Ellison. The company is headquartered in Austin, Texas.
Adobe was founded by John Warnock and Charles Geschke. Adobe is based in San Jose.
Intel was founded by Gordon Moore and Robert Noyce. Intel is headquartered in Santa Clara.
Google acquired YouTube in 2006. YouTube is headquartered in San Bruno.
Microsoft acquired LinkedIn in 2016. LinkedIn is based in Sunnyvale.
Amazon acquired Whole Foods in 2017. Whole Foods is headquartered in Austin.
Meta acquired Instagram in 2012. Instagram was founded by Kevin Systrom.
Apple acquired Beats in 2014. Beats was founded by Dr. Dre.
IBM acquired Red Hat in 2019. Red Hat is headquartered in Raleigh.
Oracle acquired Sun Microsystems in 2010. Sun Microsystems was based in California.
Salesforce acquired Slack in 2021. Slack is headquartered in San Francisco.
Infosys was founded in 1981. The company operates in multiple countries.
TCS provides IT services to global enterprises. It is part of Tata Sons.
Wipro is an Indian IT company. It is headquartered in Bengaluru.
HCL Technologies is an IT services company. It is headquartered in Noida.
Accenture is a global consulting company. It is headquartered in Dublin.
Capgemini is a technology services company. It is headquartered in Paris.
Cognizant is an IT services company. It is headquartered in Teaneck.
Tech Mahindra is an IT services company. It is headquartered in Pune.
Zoho Corporation is a software company. It is headquartered in Chennai.
Freshworks is a SaaS company. It is headquartered in San Mateo.
PayPal was founded by Peter Thiel and Elon Musk. The company is headquartered in San Jose.
Stripe is a financial technology company. It is headquartered in San Francisco.
Airbnb was founded by Brian Chesky, Joe Gebbia, and Nathan Blecharczyk. It is headquartered in San Francisco.
Uber was founded by Travis Kalanick and Garrett Camp. The company is based in San Francisco.
Dropbox was founded by Drew Houston and Arash Ferdowsi. It is headquartered in San Francisco.
Twitter was founded by Jack Dorsey. The company is headquartered in San Francisco.
LinkedIn was founded by Reid Hoffman. It is headquartered in Sunnyvale.
Snapchat was founded by Evan Spiegel. It is headquartered in Santa Monica.
Spotify was founded by Daniel Ek. The company is headquartered in Stockholm.
Zoom was founded by Eric Yuan. It is headquartered in San Jose.
Samsung is a multinational electronics company. It is headquartered in Seoul.
LG is a consumer electronics company. It is headquartered in Seoul.
Sony is a technology and entertainment company. It is headquartered in Tokyo.
Panasonic is a multinational electronics company. It is headquartered in Osaka.
Dell was founded by Michael Dell. The company is headquartered in Round Rock.
HP is a technology company. It is headquartered in Palo Alto.
Lenovo is a technology company. It is headquartered in Beijing.
Asus is a computer hardware company. It is headquartered in Taipei.
Acer is a computer hardware company. It is headquartered in New Taipei City.
Huawei is a telecommunications company. It is headquartered in Shenzhen.
Flipkart was founded by Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal. It is headquartered in Bengaluru.
Swiggy is a food delivery company. It is headquartered in Bengaluru.
Zomato was founded by Deepinder Goyal. The company is headquartered in Gurugram.
Ola was founded by Bhavish Aggarwal. The company is headquartered in Bengaluru.
Paytm was founded by Vijay Shekhar Sharma. It is headquartered in Noida.
Byju’s is an education technology company. It is headquartered in Bengaluru.
Razorpay is a fintech company. It is headquartered in Bengaluru.
PhonePe is a digital payments company. It is headquartered in Bengaluru.
Meesho is an e-commerce company. It is headquartered in Bengaluru.
Groww is a financial services company. It is headquartered in Bengaluru.
